# 📝 October 16th Meeting

**Date:** 2025-10-16  
**Time:** 18:30 – 19:00  
**Location / Platform:** In-Person(On Campus during Lab Session)

---

## 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Attendees

- Dotun Famobio (dfamobio)
- Hetang Mehta (hmmehta)
- Adnan Sudheesh (sudheesh)
- Nick Rutter (nbrutter)
- Noel De Roij (deroij)
- Hannan Sandhu (abdulha2)
---

## Meeting Objectives

1. To show our TA, Harshit, our current progress with Project Part 2.

---


## ✅ What Went Well

- Harshit liked the mockups overall.
- The CRC formatting issue raised by Adnan was resolved successfully.
- Team demonstrated good understanding of user story breakdown and storyboarding.

---

## ⚙️ What Can Be Improved

- Need to adjust roles so that regular users can both create and join events.

---

## 💬 Discussion Summary

**1. [Feedback on Roles and User Capabilities]**

- ## Key points:
    - Regular users should be able to create and join events.
    - Admins are separate from regular users. They cannot create events, only monitor.
- ## Decisions:
- Follow-ups:
    - Adjust user role format accordingly (merge entrant and organizer roles)
  - Responsible: Dotun, Hetang, Noel
  - Due: Oct 20th Meeting at 9:00pm

**2. [Mockups and Storyboard Sequences]**

- ## Key points:
    - TA liked mockups and gave suggestions.
    - Storyboard sequences will include more screens than mockups due to intermediary steps
- ## Decisions:
    - Add any missing intermediary screens.
    - Make sure relevant user stories are referenced in comments
- Follow-ups:
  - Responsible: Dotun and Noel
  - Due: Oct 20th Meeting at 9:00pm

---

_**Prepared by:**_ Dotun Famobio (dfamobio)  
_**Version:**_ 1.0  
_**Last Updated:** 2025-10-16_
